h1. Tint Browser

This project is licensed under the "GPL v3":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html license.

To build it, it is needed to clone the "Tint Browser Addon Framework Library":https://github.com/Anasthase/TintBrowserAddonFrameworkLibrary project.

h1. Writting addons

See "TintBrowserSampleAddon":https://github.com/Anasthase/TintBrowserSampleAddon .

h1. How to translate Tint Browser in your language

Before starting a translation, you must agree that your work will be released under the same license as Tint Browser, e.g. "GPL version 3":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html. Also do not forget that a software translation is not a one-shot work, and that new translations may be needed after your initial work.

Translations are done is a language-specific XML file. A single translation string look like this :

bq. &lt;string name=&quot;Bookmarks&quot;&gt;Bookmarks&lt;/string&gt;

Where the part in the name parameter is the string key, which you must leave unchanged, and the part between ??&lt;string …&gt;?? and ??&lt;/string&gt;?? the translated string.

h2. Translation steps

h3. Get the last reference language file

"https://raw.github.com/Anasthase/TintBrowser/master/res/values/strings.xml":https://raw.github.com/Anasthase/TintBrowser/master/res/values/strings.xml

Then select “Save as...” in your browser, and save it where you want on your computer.

h3. Translate

Open the file you downloaded with a decent text editor (hint: Windows Notepad is *NOT* a decent text editor). Do not change the default encoding (UTF-8) and the default line breaks (Unix style).

Translate every required strings.

h3. Specials cases

h4. String-arrays

Do not translate anything within a ??&lt;string-array&gt;?? tag.

h4. Apostrophes

Apostrophes must be preceded by a “\” character. 

Example:

bq. &lt;string name=&quot;ContextMenuCopyLinkUrl&quot;&gt;Copier l\'adresse du lien&lt;/string&gt;

h4. Formatted strings

Some strings may contains dynamic values, filled at runtime by the application. The place where the dynamics values are inserted in the string are represented by a %s, %1$s %2$s, etc. You must include the original %s-type in your translation, at the appropriate place.

Examples:

bq. &lt;string name=&quot;SslWarningsHeader&quot;&gt;There are problems with the security certificate for this site (%s).&lt;/string&gt;

bq. &lt;string name=&quot;HttpAuthenticationDialogDialogTitle&quot;&gt;Sign in to %1$s - %2$s&lt;/string&gt;

When there is several values to dynamically change in a single string, the %s part change to %1$s, %2$s, etc. You may change the order of the %s in your translation, if its make sense in you language, e.g. you can do something like:

bq. &lt;string name=&quot;HttpAuthenticationDialog.DialogTitle&quot;&gt;SomeText %2$s AnotherText %1$s&lt;/string&gt;

h4. Misc.

* Use &#8230; instead of writing three points (...);

h2. Submit your translation

Either send me an e-mail, with your modified file and the language you translated, or open an "issue":https://github.com/Anasthase/TintBrowser/issues and post your file there. 
